Nightfall deployment (#1300)
EYBlockchain/nightfall_3: nightfall-deployer/README.md

    - `NETWORK_ID`: An integer number representing the ID of your network;
    - The other values are not that relevant, but the network in question might require some specifics values for them, then one should 
    verify if these values need to be changed.

  The final result would be similar to the following example:
  ```
      mumbai: {
        provider: () => new HDWalletProvider(config.ETH_PRIVATE_KEY, config.BLOCKCHAIN_URL),
        network_id: 80001,
        networkCheckTimeout: 1000000000,
        timeoutBlocks: 2000,
        confirmations: 2,
        skipDryRun: true,
        websockets: true,
        gasPrice: config.WEB3_OPTIONS.gasPrice,
        gas: config.WEB3_OPTIONS.gas,
      },
  ```
3. In the `config/defaults.js` file it is required to set some configurations related to the deployment one desires to perform:
  - Find the `ENVIRONMENTS` object and add a new entry for the network ones disire to deploy to. Like in the `Step 2.`, the placeholders should be
    replaced by proper values. To be consistent, the same values used in the previous step can be used again here. The `WEB3_WS_URL` is the Websocket

>     endpoint used to communicate with the blockchain. e.g.

Reviewer: SUGGESTION

3. Like in `Step 2.`, add a new entry for the network one desires to deploy to under `ENVIRONMENTS` in the `config/defaults.js` file. Placeholders should be replaced by proper values. To be consistent, the same values used in the previous step can be used again here. The `WEB3_WS_URL` is the Websocket endpoint used to communicate with the blockchain. e.g.

    ```
        [NETWORK_NAME]: {
          name: [NETWORK_NAME],
          chainId: [NETWORK_ID],
          clientApiUrl: process.env.CLIENT_HOST
            ? `http://${process.env.CLIENT_HOST}:${process.env.CLIENT_PORT}`
            : 'http://localhost:8080',
          optimistApiUrl: process.env.OPTIMIST_HOST
            ? `http://${process.env.OPTIMIST_HOST}:${process.env.OPTIMIST_PORT}`
            : 'http://localhost:8081',
          optimistWsUrl: process.env.OPTIMIST_HOST
            ? `ws://${process.env.OPTIMIST_HOST}:${process.env.OPTIMIST_WS_PORT}`
            : 'ws://localhost:8082',
          proposerBaseUrl: process.env.PROPOSER_HOST
            ? `http://${process.env.PROPOSER_HOST}:${process.env.PROPOSER_PORT}`
            : 'http://localhost:8092',
          web3WsUrl: [WEB3_WS_URL],
          adversarialOptimistApiUrl: `https://${process.env.OPTIMIST_HTTP_HOST}`,
          adversarialOptimistWsUrl: `wss://${process.env.OPTIMIST_HOST}`,
          PROPOSER_KEY: process.env.PROPOSER_KEY,
          CHALLENGER_KEY: process.env.CHALLENGER_KEY,
        },
    ```

>     Sample of the settings after the placeholders being replaced with proper values: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Sample of the settings after replacing placeholders with proper values: 
```

    ```
        mumbai: {
          name: 'mumbai',
          chainId: 80001,
          clientApiUrl: process.env.CLIENT_HOST
            ? `http://${process.env.CLIENT_HOST}:${process.env.CLIENT_PORT}`
            : 'http://localhost:8080',
          optimistApiUrl: process.env.OPTIMIST_HOST
            ? `http://${process.env.OPTIMIST_HOST}:${process.env.OPTIMIST_PORT}`
            : 'http://localhost:8081',
          optimistWsUrl: process.env.OPTIMIST_HOST
            ? `ws://${process.env.OPTIMIST_HOST}:${process.env.OPTIMIST_WS_PORT}`
            : 'ws://localhost:8082',
          proposerBaseUrl: process.env.PROPOSER_HOST
            ? `http://${process.env.PROPOSER_HOST}:${process.env.PROPOSER_PORT}`
            : 'http://localhost:8092',
          web3WsUrl: `wss://ws-matic-mumbai.chainstacklabs.com`,
          adversarialOptimistApiUrl: `https://${process.env.OPTIMIST_HTTP_HOST}`,
          adversarialOptimistWsUrl: `wss://${process.env.OPTIMIST_HOST}`,
          PROPOSER_KEY: process.env.PROPOSER_KEY,
          CHALLENGER_KEY: process.env.CHALLENGER_KEY,
        },
    ```

>   - If whitelist functionality is required to perform transactions on the contracts, one is going to need to setup the `RSA_TRUST_ROOTS`. Under this 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - If whitelist functionality is required to verify users performing transactions, one is going to need to setup the `RSA_TRUST_ROOTS`. Under this 
```

            mumbai: [
            {
              name: 'WETH',
              address: '0xa6fa4fb5f76172d178d61b04b0ecd319c5d1c0aa',
              amount: '1000000000000000000',
            },
            {
              name: 'MATIC',
              address: '0x0000000000000000000000000000000000001010',
              amount: '1000000000000000000000',
            },
            {
              name: 'USDC',
              address: '0xe6b8a5CF854791412c1f6EFC7CAf629f5Df1c747',
              amount: '1000000000',
            },
            {
              name: 'stMATIC',
              address: '0xa337f0B897a874DE1E9F75944629a03F911cFbE8',
              amount: '1000000000',
            },
            ...
          ],
          ...
        }
      ```

4. Start the deployment with the following command, where the parameter is the .env file created in the `Step 1.`.

    ```
    ./bin/deploy-contracts [.env.deployment.file]
    ```
    e.g.
    ```
    ./bin/deploy-contracts .env.deployment.my_network
    ```

    During the deployment an instance of the `worker` application is required to be up, so that the Circuits can be generated accordingly. This instance is started up 

>     automatically, but it is possible configure the worker server if one is already available, for this set `CIRCOM_WORKER_HOST` in the .env file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    automatically, but it is possible to configure the worker server if one is already available, for this set `CIRCOM_WORKER_HOST` in the .env file.
```

    There is a variable in the .env file called `DEPLOYMENT_SERVICES`. It allows one to set the services to start up. This variable can be passed over with the command
    as well.
    ```
    DEPLOYMENT_SERVICES=client,optimist,worker ./bin/deploy-contracts .env.deployment.my_network
    ```

> One should remember to have enough funds when performing the deployment so that it can finish properly.

Reviewer: I would put this **in bold**, nice one @israelboudoux !!

> After the deployment finishs successfully, one can find the files that were generated during the deployment under the folder `docker/volumes`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the deployment finishes successfully, one can find the files that were generated during the deployment under the folder `docker/volumes`:
```

- `build/contracts`: contain the ABI files.
- `proving_files`: contain circuits' files.

These files are going to be used by the applications `nightfall-client` & `nightfall-optimist`.

## Testing

> For testing purposes, some addresses under `TEST_OPTIONS.addresses` in `config/defaults.js` are funded with `MATIC`. Set the variable `DEPLOY_MOCK_TOKENS` in the .env file to `false` to prevent this behavior (This will also prevent the deployment of the `ERC20Mock` Smart Contract).

Reviewer: Actually, I think there's a Mock contract per ERC (?). So you could either make a general reference "Mock ERC contracts", or just list the 3 "ERC20Mock, ERC721Mock and ERC1155Mock".

```suggestion
For testing purposes, some Ethereum addresses are funded with `MATIC` - see `TEST_OPTIONS.addresses` in `config/defaults.js` . Set the variable `DEPLOY_MOCK_TOKENS` in the .env file to `false` to prevent this behaviour. This will also prevent the deployment of the `ERC20Mock` Smart Contract.
```

    ```
    ./bin/deploy-contracts [.env.deployment.file]
    ```
    e.g.
    ```
    ./bin/deploy-contracts .env.deployment.my_network
    ```

    During the deployment an instance of the `worker` application is required to be up, so that the Circuits can be generated accordingly. This instance is started up 
    automatically, but it is possible to configure the worker server if one is already available, for this set `CIRCOM_WORKER_HOST` in the .env file.

    There is a variable in the .env file called `DEPLOYMENT_SERVICES`. It allows one to set the services to start up. This variable can be passed over with the command
    as well.
    ```
    DEPLOYMENT_SERVICES=client,optimist,worker ./bin/deploy-contracts .env.deployment.my_network
    ```

**One should remember to have enough funds when performing the deployment so that it can finish properly.**

After the deployment finishes successfully, one can find the files that were generated during the deployment under the folder `docker/volumes`:
- `build/contracts`: contain the ABI files.
- `proving_files`: contain circuits' files.

These files are going to be used by the applications `nightfall-client` & `nightfall-optimist`.

> 

Reviewer 2: Can you explain how you would import these to `client` and `optimist`, if you were not deploying, but just using the deployment; i.e. you just want to run up a nightfall node?

Author: These apps share the folder under `docker/volumes`, where all the proving_files and contracts are persisted. The .env file has an env var called DEPLOYMENT_SERVICES where one can specify the services to start up. I did this as a way to run a quick test if someone desires it.

## Testing

> For testing purposes, some Ethereum addresses are funded with `MATIC` - see `TEST_OPTIONS.addresses` in `config/defaults.js` . Set the variable `DEPLOY_MOCK_TOKENS` in the .env file to `false` to prevent this behaviour. This will also prevent the deployment of the `ERC20Mock` Smart Contract.

Reviewer 2: How do I do a deployment with a MPC trusted setup?  This would be the normal approach for a production deployment.

Reviewer 2: @signorecello was working on this.  I'll hit him up.
